Lab 1 Questions:
1. Check if your processor supports Intel/AMD virtualization technology. Enable Intel virtualization technology in BIOS if possible.
2. The cloud is almost everywhere in our lives now. What do you think are the fundamental reasons behind its success? Name three pros and three cons of cloud.
3. What is the primary function of a hypervisor in virtualization?
4. What is a virtual machine (VM)?
5. What are the benefits of using virtual machines?
6. List five use cases of virtual machines.
7. In virtualization, what is the guest operating system?
a) The main operating system running on the physical machine
b) The operating system installed on a virtual machine
c) The operating system running on a remote server
d) The operating system running on a mobile device
8. What does virtual machine isolation mean?
a) Virtual machines can communicate directly with the physical hardware.
b) Virtual machines share the same resources and cannot be isolated.
c) Virtual machines run independently and are isolated from each other and the host system.
d) Virtual machines can only be accessed locally.
9. What is the benefit of virtual machine portability?
a) It allows virtual machines to communicate with each other easily.
b) It ensures faster boot times for virtual machines.
c) It allows virtual machines to be moved between different physical machines with compatible hypervisors.
d) It reduces the need for hardware virtualization.
10. What is the purpose of cloning a virtual machine?

Lab 1 Answers:
1. Processor AMD Ryzen 5 3600X Support virutalization technology.
2. Pros: 
        i.   If you need extra storage you easily purchase it, instead of buying new hardware and installing it.
        ii.  It is typically cheaper than buying hardware outright.
        iii. It can be accessed from anywhere.
    Cons: 
        i.   Your data cloud provider can be hacked or have a leak exposing your data
        ii.  The company can steal your data, or access it without your permission
        iii. You need to trust your provider in being able to store the data competiently, and not losing it or corrupting it.
3. The primary function of a hypervisor in virtualization is it gives you the ability to run multiple vms on a single physical machine.
4. A virtual machine is a computer running withing your computer. It emulates an independent physical computer on your machine.
5. Benefits of virtual machines include:
        i.   You can run risky software without risking your main machine
        ii.  You can run a different operating system on your machine, allowing you to access software incompatible with your main OS
        iii. You can save money buy running multiple machines on signle hardware.
6. Use cases of virtual machines include:
        i.   Running a different operating system on your machine
        ii.  Running a server on your machine
        iii. It is used in Cloud computing
        iv.  Testing malware on your machine
        v.   Students learning different operating systems, without switching machines.
7. b) The operating system installed on a virtual machine
8. c) Virtual machines run independently and are isolated from each other and the host system.
9. c) It allows virtual machines to be moved between different physical machines with compatible hypervisors.
10. This gives you the ability to launch a preset of a virutal machine very fast without spending too much time installing components independently.
